Use font-display optional by default (#3135)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/base/typography.md

$font-display-option: <auto | block | swap | fallback | optional>;
```

> For the web fonts loaded by Vanilla we set `font-display` to `optional` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the font-display property on [all fonts used by vanilla](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework/blob/master/scss/_base_fontfaces.scss) is set to `optional`.
```
